Fixes 4091: add template docs (#763)
content-services/content-sources-backend: docs/workflows/templates.md

## Content templates

## Background

> If a user wants to customize their systems with images consisting of different repository versions, content templates

Reviewer: I suspect we should capitalize Content Template across the doc, but i'll let @swadeley  weigh in

Reviewer 2: Yes, you should, but main thing is to be consistent.

The content included in templates is served at different distribution paths in pulp for Red Hat and custom since they are in different domains.

For Red Hat content, the distribution path would be `/pulp/content/<red_hat_domain>/templates/<template_uuid>/`. For example, for this [Red Hat repository](https://cdn.redhat.com/content/dist/layered/rhel8/x86_64/ansible/2/os/), 
the content would live at `/pulp/content/<red_hat_domain>/templates/<template_uuid>/content/dist/layered/rhel8/x86_64/ansible/2/os/`.

For custom content, the distribution path would be `/pulp/content/<custom_domain>/templates/<template_uuid>/<repository_uuid>/`.

### What happens on our end when a content template is created/updated/deleted?

After a repository has been snapshotted, a template can be created with that snapshot. 

On template creation/update:

1. The template is created or updated and stored in our database with associations to the repositories that are included in the template
2. A task is started that first creates or updates the pulp distributions, then makes the necessary changes to the related entities in Candlepin

On template deletion:

> 1. The template is soft-deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The template is soft-deleted, and thus no longer visible to the user
```

2. A task is started to permanently delete the template in our database, its distributions in pulp, and its related entities in Candlepin

### What happens in Candlepin when a content template is created/updated/deleted?

The task kicked off on template create/update/delete modifies any entities in Candlepin needed to represent the template. 
These entities are:

* **Product** - contains the custom repositories included in the template. Can be subscribed to by the owner. Currently we only create one custom product per org.
* **Pool** - acts as the subscription for the custom product. Currently we only create one custom pool per org.

> * **Content** - represents the set of Red Hat and custom repository content. 

Reviewer: You might mention that we create a Content object for custom content, but not for Red Hat content, those must already exist

* **Environment** - represents the template and contains the content associated with the template. 

On template creation:

1. A product is created if it doesn't already exist
2. A pool is created if it doesn't already exist
3. The content is created and added to the product 
4. An environment is created  
5. The content is promoted to the environment

On template update, any new content is created and either promoted to or demoted from the environment.

On template deletion, the environment is deleted.

### How are content templates used?

> Templates can be assigned to systems to configure those systems to pull updates from the snapshots instead of the upstream repositories.

Reviewer: You might mention that systems are associated with candlepin environments within candlepin, and that this is done with the patch application

## Content Templates

## Background

> Content Templates allow users to set a baseline of repository snapshots that help them control patching in predictable ways. In the future,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Content Templates enable users to set a baseline of repository snapshots that help them control patching in predictable ways. In the future,
```

users will be able to build images with a Content Template.

### What is a Content Template?

Content Templates are entities that can include snapshots from different Red Hat and custom repositories. 

> The content included in Content Templates is served at different distribution paths in pulp for Red Hat and custom since they are in different domains.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The content included in Content Templates is served at different distribution paths in pulp for Red Hat and custom repositories since they are in different domains.
```

For Red Hat content, the distribution path would be `/pulp/content/<red_hat_domain>/templates/<template_uuid>/`. For example, for this [Red Hat repository](https://cdn.redhat.com/content/dist/layered/rhel8/x86_64/ansible/2/os/), 

> the content would live at `/pulp/content/<red_hat_domain>/templates/<template_uuid>/content/dist/layered/rhel8/x86_64/ansible/2/os/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the content would be at `/pulp/content/<red_hat_domain>/templates/<template_uuid>/content/dist/layered/rhel8/x86_64/ansible/2/os/`.
```
In tech docs don't imply machines and things are alive

For custom content, the distribution path would be `/pulp/content/<custom_domain>/templates/<template_uuid>/<repository_uuid>/`.

> ### What happens on our end when a Content Template is created/updated/deleted?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### What happens when a Content Template is created, updated, and deleted
```
"our end" is vague
Please don't use slash in text.
LEave off question marks because a title does not need to be a question, it can just be statement.

After a repository has been snapshotted, a Content Template can be created with that snapshot. 

> On Content Template creation/update:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Content Template creation and update:
```

> 1. The Content Template is created or updated and stored in our database with associations to the repositories that are included in the Content Template

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The Content Template is created or updated and stored in content sources database with associations to the repositories that are included in the Content Template
```
"our" is vague

2. A task is started that first creates or updates the pulp distributions, then makes the necessary changes to the related entities in Candlepin

On Content Template deletion:

> 1. The Content Template is soft-deleted, and thus no longer visible to the user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The Content Template is soft-deleted, and therefore no longer visible to the user
```
thus does not mean therefore (its some action that can be seen)

2. A task is started to permanently delete the Content Template in our database, its distributions in pulp, and its related entities in Candlepin

> ### What happens in Candlepin when a Content Template is created/updated/deleted?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### What happens in Candlepin when a Content Template is created, updated, and deleted
```

> The task kicked off on Content Template create/update/delete modifies any entities in Candlepin needed to represent the Content Template. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The task started on Content Template create, update, and delete modifies any entities in Candlepin needed to represent the Content Template. 
```

These entities are:

> * **Product** - contains the custom repositories included in the Content Template. Can be subscribed to by the owner. Currently we only create one custom product per org.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Product** : contains the custom repositories included in the Content Template. Can be subscribed to by the owner. Currently we only create one custom product per org.
```
No dash and slash please. (Some American style guide does allow use of emdash, without spaces on either side, but its not really suitable for tech docs).

> * **Pool** - acts as the subscription for the custom product. Currently we only create one custom pool per org.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Pool** : acts as the subscription for the custom product. Currently we only create one custom pool per org.
```

Reviewer 2: I left a space before the colon by mistake

> * **Content** - represents the set of Red Hat and custom repository content. Content objects are created only for custom content, the Red Hat content objects must already exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Content**: represents the set of Red Hat and custom repository content. Content objects are created only for custom content, the Red Hat content objects must already exist.
```

> * **Environment** - represents the Content Template and contains the content associated with the Content Template. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Environment**: represents the Content Template and contains the content associated with the Content Template. 
```

On Content Template creation:

1. A product is created if it doesn't already exist
2. A pool is created if it doesn't already exist
3. The content is created and added to the product 
4. An environment is created  
5. The content is promoted to the environment

On Content Template update, any new content is created and either promoted to or demoted from the environment.

On Content Template deletion, the environment is deleted.

> ### How are Content Templates used?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How are Content Templates used
```
